Hello and welcome back to the computer
forensics boot camp, in this module,
we're going to prepare our forensic
workstation to examine evidence.
We're going to acquire open
source forensic software and
we're going to acquire
the path image file.
The first step is to open our web browser.
The second step is we're going to
download the document containing the URLs
of the software needed for
this path and the path VMDK file.
These are the software URLs.
We're going to download
the sleuth kit by autopsy.
We're going to download the add
on modules for the sleuth kit.
We are going to download 7-Zip because
we're going to need that to extract
the Zimmerman tools.
We're going to go to the website
with the Zimmerman tools.
We're going to download
the am cache Parser,
the app compact cache Parser,
the register explorer,
shellbag explorer, jump list explorer,
timeline explorer,
MFTE explorer and WxTcmd.
We're also going to download kill disk.
We are going to download
HDX which is a hex editor.
We're going to download active disk
editor which is also a hex editor but
I'm going to show you where we're
going to use both of these tools.
Were also going to download for
discoveries link Parser.
We're going to download access data,
ftk-imager,
the latest version we
are going to download dcode,
which is going to help us when
we're decoding some hex values.
We are going to download
the exil tool by Phil Harvey so
we can view exif data in image files.
And we're going to download a software
tool to view Windows prefetch.
So let's get started.
The first site we're going to go to
is the sleuth kit dot org by autopsy.
You can cut that from the document and
paste it into your browser.
When you get here, you're going to
hit the download now button and
you're going to be presented
with a screen with a 64 bit or
a 32 bit for Windows or Linux.
Once you hit choose one and you hit
download, a download window will pop up
and you can go ahead and save that
where you would like on your computer.
The next website, we're going to go to
GitHub for the add on modules for autopsy.
You're going to see this clone or
download button depending on what
type of file system you're on.
If you're on a Windows system,
download zip.
If you're in Linux,
you would need to clone it.
Follow the instructions
here on how to install
the third party modules if
you would like to do so.
The next website we're going to go to
is 7-Zip again, cut and paste on your
browser when you come you're also going to
be presented with a 32 bit version and
a 64 bit version pick whichever
is applicable to your computer.
You would hit the download link and
again you would save that to where
you want it on your computer.
We're going to go to Eric Zimmerman's
website for the Zimmerman tools.
There's several tools down here.
These are all free and open source so you
can download whatever you would like what
we're going to be using for the course is
we're going to want the M cache parser.
And again, you just click the link and
download the tool,
the app compact, cache parser,
the MFT Explorer, registry Explorer,
shell bag Explorer, timeline Explorer in
the Windows 10 timeline database parser.
We're also going to
download Jumplist Explorer.
The GUI version.
There is a command line version and
you can go ahead and
download both if you would like.
And if I didn't tell you already,
we definitely want this
timeline Explorer dyed hair.
We're going to use that
throughout the class.
Next we're going to go to KillDisk.com and
we're going to download the free
reversion of active KillDisk.
This is for Windows and this is for Mac.
So whichever computer you have,
you click on the link and
then download the file and again you
save it where you like and install it.
Next one is HxD.
HxD is a hex viewer,
which we're going to use when we
do some of our file system work.
You do want to go with the latest release.
There are plug ins on GitHub.
We're not going to need that for
what we're doing.
You would just simply click the download
button and download the software.
We're going to go to ActiveDisk editor
next and again we have for Windows or
for Linux depending on your operating
system download, which is appropriate.
We're going to use this tool to view file
structures within the operating system.
We're going to download
4discovery link parser and
this will be used when we look at
link files throughout the course,
you would hit the download now button and
you simply download and save the file.
FTK imager.
It's a little different when
you hit this download button,
before access data will
let you download it.
They require,
you do fill out some information,
you do have to opt into the emails or
you will not be able to download the tool.
You can go back and
opt out at a later date if you'd like, but
if you don't check, yes, you won't get an
email with a link to download FTK imager.
So you're going to have
to check this submit.
And they will send you they will send you
an email to whatever email address you put
in here and that email will contain a link
to download FTK imager and we are going to
need this throughout the course so
it's important that you do download it.
DCODE, we're going to use this to
translate some hexi decimal values and
you simply download dcode and save it.
It will be a zip file.
Go ahead and use 7-Zip to extract it and
you must use 7-Zip.
When you're extracting the Zimmerman
tools, they will not extract properly.
So please download 7-Zip
if you don't have it and
use that 7-Zip to extract
these software tools.
The next tool we're going to
download is going to be
the Exif tool by Phil Harvey
again go with the latest
version download the Windows or
the Mac OS,
whichever is appropriate for
you and install the tool.
We are going to download NirSoft win
prefetch viewer because we're going to
take a good look at Windows prefetch,
there is some information
about the tool itself if you'd
like to read through that and
the download button is
down here at the bottom.
And again they have a 32 and
a 64 bit version of the tool and
they also have an MD five
hash show one shot 52 to 56.
So you can check your download to
make sure it downloaded properly.
And we're going to talk about
how you will kind of use
hash values to validate files
later on in this course.
In our next module we are going to
start exploring some forensic basics.
We're going to talk about hexi decimal,
decimal and
binary and how we deal with
those types of data structures.
I just want to make you aware when
you're downloading the course,
VMDK file, the path, VMDK file.
It may take a while, so
allow yourself some time to download that.
You can either pause the video and
do it or
do it when the video is not running,
that is totally up to you and a block.